     * [1]Bloomberg the Company & its Products
     * [2]Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login
     * [3]Bloomberg Terminal Request a Demo

   [4][BB-Logo-2line-wb.svg] [5][BB-Logo-2line.svg]
   [twitter.png] [twitter_w.png]
   [facebook.png] [facebook_w.png]

   [feat_chipotle02__01.jpg]

Inside Chipotle’s Contamination Crisis

   Smugness and happy talk about sustainability aren’t working anymore.

   By Susan Berfield | December 22, 2015

   Photographs by Ted Cavanaugh

   From [6]Bloomberg Businessweek

   Chris Collins is a 32-year-old Web developer and photographer who lives
   in Oregon, just outside Portland. He and his wife are conscientious
   about their food: They eat organic, local produce and ethically raised
   animals. Collins liked to have a meal at Chipotle once a week. On
   Friday evening, Oct. 23, he ordered his regular chicken bowl at his
   usual Chipotle in Lake Oswego. His dinner was made of 21 ingredients,
   including toasted cumin, sautéed garlic, fresh organic cilantro, finely
   diced tomatoes, two kinds of onion, romaine lettuce, and kosher salt.
   It tasted as good as always.

   By the next night, Collins’s body was aching and his stomach was upset.
   Then he began experiencing cramping and diarrhea. His stomach bloated.
   “Moving gave me excruciating pain,” he says, “and anytime I ate or
   drank it got worse.” His diarrhea turned bloody. “All I was doing was
   pooping blood. It was incredibly scary.” After five days, he went to an
   urgent-care clinic near his home; the nurse sent him to an emergency
   room. He feared he might have colon cancer.

   On Halloween, the ER doctor called him at home: Collins had
   Shiga-toxin-producing E. coli 026, and he’d likely gotten it from one
   of those 21 ingredients in his meal at Chipotle. (This was later
   confirmed by public-health officials.) The doctor warned him that
   kidney failure was possible; intensive treatment, including dialysis,
   could be necessary. His kidneys held up, but it took an additional five
   days for the worst of Collins’s symptoms to ease and nearly six weeks
   for him to recover. He still doesn’t have as much physical strength as
   he used to, and he feels emotionally shaky, too. “Before, I was doing
   the P90X workouts. For a long time after, I couldn’t even walk a few
   blocks,” he says. “It made me feel old and weak and anxious.” On
   Nov. 6, Collins sued Chipotle, seeking unspecified damages.
   Bloomberg Businessweek Dec. 28 Issue
   Featured in Bloomberg Businessweek, Dec. 28, 2015. [7]Subscribe now.

   Collins was among 53 people in nine states who were sickened with the
   same strain of E. coli; 46 had eaten at Chipotle in the week before
   they fell ill. Twenty got sick enough to be hospitalized, according to
   the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “I trusted they were
   providing me with ‘food with integrity,’ ” Collins says, sarcastically
   repeating the company motto. “We fell for their branding.” Chipotle’s
   public stance during the outbreak irritated him, too. The company
   closed all 43 of its restaurants in Oregon and Washington in early
   November to try to identify the source of the E. coli and sanitize the
   spaces. Notices on restaurant doors generally referred to problems with
   the supply chain or equipment. But local media reported that at least
   one restaurant in Portland put up a note that said, “Don’t
   panic … order should be restored to the universe in the very near
   future.” “That felt so snarky,” Collins says. “People could die from
   this, and they were so smug.”

   For a long time, smug worked pretty well for Chipotle Mexican Grill.
   It’s [8]grown into a chain of more than 1,900 locations, thanks in part
   to marketing—including short animated films about the evils of
   industrial agriculture—that reminds customers that its fresh
   ingredients and naturally raised meat are better than rivals’ and
   better for the world. The implication: If you eat Chipotle, you’re
   doing the right thing, and maybe you’re better, too. It helped the
   company, charging about $7 for a burrito, reach a market valuation of
   nearly $24 billion. Its executives seemed to have done the impossible
   and made a national fast-food chain feel healthy.

   Fewer people associate Chipotle with “healthy” now. Three months before
   Collins was infected with E. coli, five people fell ill eating at a
   Seattle-area restaurant. By the time local health officials had
   confirmed a link, the outbreak was over, so no one said anything. In
   August, 234 customers and employees contracted norovirus at a Chipotle
   in Simi Valley, Calif., where another worker was infected.
   Salmonella-tainted tomatoes at 22 outlets in Minnesota sickened
   64 people in August and September; nine had to be hospitalized.
   Norovirus struck again in late November: More than 140 Boston College
   students picked up the highly contagious virus from a nearby Chipotle,
   including half of the men’s basketball team. An additional 16 students
   and three health-care staff picked it up from the victims. The source?
   A sick worker who wasn’t sent home although Chipotle began offering
   paid sick leave in June. In the second week of December, when Chipotle
   should have been on highest alert, a Seattle restaurant had to be
   briefly shut down after a health inspection found that cooked meat on
   the takeout line wasn’t being kept at a high enough temperature. And in
   the most recent case, on Dec. 21, the CDC announced it was
   investigating an outbreak of what seems to be a different and rare
   version of E. coli 026 that’s sickened five people in two states who
   ate at Chipotle in mid-November. The company says it had expected to
   see additional cases. [9]It still doesn’t know which ingredients made
   people ill.

   [10]Almost 500 people around the country have become sick from Chipotle
   food since July, according to public-health officials. And those are
   just the ones who went to a doctor, gave a stool sample, and were
   properly diagnosed. Food-safety experts say they believe with any
   outbreak the total number of people affected is at least 10 times the
   reported number. The CDC estimates that 48 million Americans get sick
   from contaminated food every year.

Read this next

   [11]Chipotle: The Definitive Oral History

   [12]Behind the Counter: Inside Chipotle

   Gadfly [13]It's Time For Chipotle To Eat Crow

   QuickTake [14]Safer U.S. Food, Slowly

   At Chipotle, three different pathogens caused the five known outbreaks.
   That wasn’t inevitable or coincidental. “There’s a problem within the
   company,” says Michael Doyle, the director of the center for food
   safety at the University of Georgia. Chipotle has gotten big selling
   food that’s unprocessed, free of antibiotics and GMOs, sometimes
   organic, sometimes local. “Blah, blah, blah,” says Doug Powell, a
   retired food-safety professor and the publisher of barfblog.com. “They
   were paying attention to all that stuff, but they weren’t paying
   attention to microbial safety.” Whatever its provenance, if food is
   contaminated it can still make us sick—or even kill. Millennials may
   discriminate when they eat, but bacteria are agnostic.

   “Food with integrity,” a promise to Chipotle’s customers and a rebuke
   to its competitors, has become the source of much schadenfreude among
   both. Chipotle’s stock has lost about 30 percent of its value since
   August. Sales at established stores dropped 16 percent in November, and
   executives expect a decline of 8 percent to 11 percent in
   comparable-store sales for the last three months of the year. That
   would be the first quarterly decline for Chipotle as a public company.

   Steve Ells, Chipotle’s founder and co-chief executive, went on the
   Today show on Dec. 10, apologized to everyone who’d fallen ill, and
   announced a comprehensive food-safety program that he said would far
   exceed industry norms. He didn’t address why a company that had
   challenged quality standards with such gusto hadn’t taken on safety
   standards as well. Chipotle has said it will shift more food
   preparation out of restaurants and into centralized kitchens—that is,
   it will do things more like the fast-food chains it’s long mocked.
   Ells’s company has [15]always urged customers to think about its supply
   chain. Well, now they are.
   Chipotle Chips

   Six weeks after the first E. coli victims in the Pacific Northwest got
   sick and about a week after Ells’s Today appearance, Chipotle placed a
   full-page ad, signed by him, in newspapers across the country. “The
   fact that anyone has become ill eating at Chipotle is completely
   unacceptable to me, and I am deeply sorry,” he wrote. “As a result, we
   are committed to becoming known as the leader in food safety, just as
   we are known for using the very best ingredients in a fast-food
   setting.” Ells was in Seattle by then. During interviews he carefully
   followed the new standard thinking on corporate crisis management:
   Overapologize and then pivot to the cheery future.

   On Dec. 17, speaking by phone in New York, he’s still on message,
   describing the Seattle restaurants he visited as clean and organized.
   “I ate delicious food there,” he says. “Traffic was slow, but we’re
   ready for people to come back. There is no E. coli in Chipotle. ” To
   hear Ells tell it, the company is witnessing an outbreak of excitement.
   He says the chain’s suppliers are excited to participate in the new
   safety programs; employees at headquarters in Denver are excited to
   contribute however they can; it’s “a very, very exciting time for us to
   be pushing the boundaries” on food safety. “We’re embracing this as an
   opportunity.”

   Ells studied art history in college, trained as a chef at the Culinary
   Institute of America, and opened the first Chipotle in Denver in 1993
   with a loan from his father. He set up a model—open kitchen, fresh
   ingredients, real cooking in the back, and an assembly line in front,
   allowing customization and speed—that’s become its own industry
   standard. Chipotle grew from 489 restaurants and revenue of
   $628 million in 2006, when it went public, to about 1,800 restaurants
   and $4.1 billion in revenue in 2014. Net profit increased 60 percent
   from 2012 to 2014. Ells and his co-CEO, Montgomery Moran, together
   earned more than $140 million in total compensation during that time.
   And Michael Pollan, the good-food arbiter, said that Chipotle was his
   favorite fast-food chain and that he didn’t have a second.

   The company was influenced in ways it doesn’t always admit by the
   biggest, most industrialized chain of them all: McDonald’s. The company
   invested about $340 million in Chipotle from 1998, when it had
   13 restaurants in Colorado, until 2006, when the two parted ways.
   McDonald’s taught Chipotle supply-chain economics. Chipotle often
   derides fast-food chains and their factory farms, enlisting the likes
   of Willie Nelson to make plaintive music videos about crop chemicals
   and steroidal cattle. But Ells respects McDonald’s size. In an
   interview with Bloomberg in 2014, he said Chipotle could one day be
   “bigger than McDonald’s in the U.S. I mean, that’s not an unreasonable
   way to think about this.”

   The companies shared distribution centers and processing facilities,
   and in some cases they still do. Chipotle calls these facilities
   commissaries. They’ll play an increasingly important role as more food
   prep is shifted to these centralized kitchens. When I ask who else uses
   them, Ells, leery of invoking the competition, says: “I don’t know if I
   know their other customers. I can see what you could make of this. It’s
   nothing.”

   Chipotle, like any chain its size, has infrastructure it doesn’t always
   want to fully reveal. McDonald’s has a System. Chipotle does, too. It
   has about 100 suppliers for its 64 ingredients. That doesn’t include
   local farms—those within 350 miles of a restaurant—which at peak season
   supply only 10 percent of its produce.

   Executives will identify a few suppliers: Chipotle has for 15 years
   bought pork for its carnitas from Niman Ranch, where pigs are raised
   outdoors or in pens that are “deeply bedded.” The company website
   features Tom Kearns, a Wisconsin dairy farmer, as a symbol of its
   support for family farms. But most suppliers go unnamed. Why? “This is
   not something we generally provide,” Chipotle spokesman Chris Arnold
   said in an e-mail.

   Nor does Chipotle generally provide the names of its distributors or
   commissaries. But it will confirm them if asked. Chipotle’s pork and
   beef are braised at OSI Group and Ed Miniat Inc., outside Chicago;
   Ready Foods in Denver cooks its beans and makes its red and green
   salsas. The companies don’t talk about their other clients, but on its
   website, OSI calls itself “a global leader in supplying value-added
   protein items” and other foods to large brands. John Knight, a
   restaurant consultant who worked with Chipotle from 2009 to 2011,
   describes these commissaries as high-end. “Chipotle uses the ones that
   do food for cruise ships and casinos,” he says. “They’re not making
   hospital, school, or jail food.” Ells, ever wary of protecting
   Chipotle’s image, notes that he taught the chefs in these commissaries
   to cook food the way he would.
   Millennials discriminate; bacteria are agnostic

   The source, or sources, of E. coli were somewhere in that supply chain.
   Because restaurants from Oregon to New York served contaminated food,
   [16]the problem most likely originated with one of Chipotle’s big
   suppliers, not one of the local farms. E. coli is spread through human
   and animal feces. The harmful microbes can be transmitted to crops in
   irrigation water, or if animals are allowed to defecate in the fields,
   or if manure isn’t properly treated. Cooking food long enough at high
   enough temperatures or properly sanitizing it kills E. coli.
   Hard-to-clean produce that’s eaten raw is considered high-risk. At
   Chipotle that’s the tomatoes, lettuce, and cilantro—in other words, the
   same stuff that gives Chipotle its fresh-tasting advantage.

   The CDC says Chipotle has been very cooperative in the E. coli
   investigation, but that the company is having trouble telling the
   agency which batches of ingredients went to which stores at which
   times. “The system they have is not able to solve the problem we have
   at hand. It’s not granular enough,” says Ian Williams, chief of the
   CDC’s outbreak response and prevention branch. He notes that
   “traceability from the farm to the point of service” should be improved
   throughout the food industry. In recent years, the agency has been able
   to find the contaminated ingredients in fewer than half of all
   multistate outbreaks. Without a conclusion to the investigation, some
   customers’ unease about returning to Chipotle could be prolonged. Ells
   prefers to see the uncertainty as another opportunity. “The silver
   lining is that it has forced us—not forced us, caused us—to take a
   rigorous look at every ingredient.” Couldn’t Chipotle have done that
   anyway? “Yes, that’s true.”
   Chipotle Food Safety
   Data: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; National Institutes
   of Health; New York Times; BillMarler.com

   The spread of norovirus in Simi Valley and Boston was caused by
   breaches of protocol, Ells says. Those protocols were established at
   Chipotle in 2008 after a norovirus outbreak sickened 500 people near
   Kent State University, in Ohio. Norovirus, which is highly contagious,
   is the leading cause of illness from contaminated foods, affecting as
   many as 21 million people in the U.S. every year. Its symptoms,
   including diarrhea, vomiting, and stomach pain, usually last a couple
   of days. It’s a problem on cruise ships and in other enclosed places;
   in Britain it’s known as the winter vomiting bug. The Boston College
   outbreak occurred as students were preparing for finals. Health
   services helped care for the sick students, and the dining hall staff
   prepared special meal packs for them. The facilities crews disinfected
   every common area on campus.

   In late October, [17]Chipotle hired Mansour Samadpour, head of IEH
   Laboratories & Consulting Group in Seattle, to put together a more
   aggressive food-safety plan, which they hope will bring the risk of
   contamination to near zero. Samadpour describes his lab as a privately
   financed public-health organization. “Being in compliance with industry
   standards is less than 5 percent of what companies need to do to make
   food safe,” he says. “Company after company finds that out after they
   have events.”

   Samadpour recommended changes at every step of Chipotle’s system. More
   food will be prepared ahead of time, out of sight at commissaries, and
   transported to 19 distribution centers and then to more than
   1,900 restaurants. Samadpour calls it an “industrial-strength plan,” a
   term Ells and other executives use, too. This won’t turn Chipotle into
   McDonald’s, but it could make for some awkward marketing. “They’re sort
   of in a bind,” says Christopher Muller, a professor of hospitality at
   Boston University. “They want to have this local, fresh image, and
   making food in a commissary and shipping it all over the country takes
   away from that.”

   Before it’s harvested, produce will be screened for pathogens in small
   batches using what Chipotle calls high-resolution DNA-based tests.
   Meeting these higher standards will be expensive for smaller farms:
   There’s the cost of the testing itself and of discarding rejected
   vegetables and herbs. “Will everybody be able to afford it right away?
   No,” Ells says. “Will we help? We will. Is it going to work everywhere?
   Maybe not.” Chipotle’s chief financial officer, Jack Hartung, is more
   direct. “We like the local program, we think it’s important, but with
   what’s just happened we have to make sure food safety is absolutely our
   highest priority,” he says. “If it’s testing and safety vs. taking a
   step backward on local, we would do that and hope it would be
   temporary.”

   If produce passes the initial tests, it will be sent to the
   commissaries, where it will be washed, sanitized, and retested. The
   commissaries, rather than the restaurants, will be responsible for
   cleaning and packaging the cilantro, shredding the lettuce, and dicing
   the tomatoes.
   Chipotle Burrito

   A single Chipotle restaurant uses about five cases of tomatoes a day.
   Employees used to dice the tomatoes by hand in the restaurants. When
   that became too demanding a task, Ells introduced food processors, but
   he wasn’t happy with the results. He moved the dicing to a centralized
   kitchen. He won’t say where. Two years ago, Chipotle bought food
   processors that could dice tomatoes in its kitchens just as well as the
   commissaries could and better retain their flavor. But now, post-E.
   coli, the tomatoes will again arrive at the restaurants diced,
   packaged, and tested for pathogens. “If you ate the tomato on its own,
   could you tell the difference? Maybe,” Ells says. “But I challenge you
   to tell the difference in a burrito.” Ells says the tomatoes themselves
   will be the same, but the cuts will be cleaner and more consistent.
   Still, he says, “it is my desire that one day we can do it in-house
   again. There’s no method of testing that makes that possible now.”

   Commissaries have been preparing a portion of Chipotle’s meat from the
   early days. It was never practical or efficient to braise meat in
   Chipotle’s small kitchens. The barbacoa and carnitas are vacuum-packed
   and cooked sous vide, in a temperature-regulated bath. Then they’re
   sent to regional distribution centers and on to the restaurants. Steak
   and chicken arrive raw in the restaurants and are marinated in an adobe
   rub, then grilled. The new protocols require changes to how the meat is
   marinated to prevent cross-contamination.

   In the restaurants, workers will add cilantro to higher-temperature
   rice. “That’s a kill step,” Samadpour says. They’ll blanch avocados,
   onions, jalapeños, lemons, and limes for 5 to 10 seconds in boiling
   water. That will destroy any microbes on the surface. Lemon and lime
   juice will be added earlier to the salsa and guacamole to reduce the
   microbe count. “And guess what?” Ells asks. “It turns the salsa a
   brighter red and gives a sweeter taste.” Any suggestion that these
   tweaks might together cause a noticeable change in taste for the worse
   is dismissed. “It’s the genius of ‘and,’ ” Ells says. “We’re doing
   both: great ingredients and the safest place.” Hartung, the CFO, has
   his own way of conveying that idea: “We want to have our cake and eat
   it, too.”
   Ells
   Ells
   Photographer: Victor J. Blue/Bloomberg

   The Chipotle assembly line is a marvel of efficiency, and Ells often
   speaks of it in a way that would make a McDonald’s executive proud. “We
   all think about the Chipotle line. ... How do you do it faster?” he
   said in his 2014 interview with Bloomberg. “Throughput is something
   that we always will have to think about. Faster, faster, faster,
   faster.” Throughput is the unappetizing way fast-food restaurants talk
   about serving their customers when their customers aren’t listening. On
   the most efficient Chipotle lines, customers get their food in less
   than two minutes, says Knight, the restaurant consultant. Most other
   fast-casual chains take from four to six minutes. Arnold, Chipotle’s
   spokesman, says fast locations “process more than 300 transactions per
   hour during peak hours.”

   An alarm goes off every hour in every Chipotle restaurant, to remind
   workers to wash their hands and put on new latex gloves. But three
   former managers, who asked to remain anonymous to speak openly about
   their former employer, said the alarm was often ignored when the
   restaurants were busy. Field managers came by every month or so, and
   for a few days afterward employees observed the hand-washing rule, says
   a former manager, who worked in a restaurant outside San Francisco.
   Then they’d slack off again. He also notes that Chipotle put more
   emphasis on the safe handling of meat than produce. Another former
   manager, from Arizona, says Chipotle assumed the speed and skill of
   seasoned culinary workers, while her restaurant was staffed mostly by
   young employees on their first job. Arnold says new employees aren’t
   expected to work as efficiently as more experienced ones.

   Chipotle opened 192 restaurants in 2014 and expected to open 215 to 225
   in 2015. The company held its first National Career Day on Sept. 9. The
   goal was to hire 4,000 employees, increasing its staff by 7 percent.
   That sounds like a public-relations coup and a human resources
   nightmare. Were some of Chipotle’s safety problems a result of growing
   too fast? “I can understand linking the two, but I don’t think the
   growth rate is the cause of the problem,” Hartung says. “The standard
   procedures worked for a long time. We hadn’t had outbreaks since 2009.
   We’re not going back and saying let’s train them to do better. We’re
   training them to do something different.”

   No one at Chipotle has publicly estimated the cost of the safety
   programs it’s putting in place. “Very, very expensive,” is as close as
   Ells comes. “Right now we’re not trying to make this cost-effective.
   We’re just doing it,” Hartung says. “We’re likely to do it very
   inefficiently.” When asked at an investor conference if he’d consider
   raising prices or decreasing portions to cover some of the expense, he
   said: “That would be tacky.” He did note, though, that eventually
   Chipotle might raise prices, and “instead of investing that in food
   integrity, we might have to invest that in food safety.” In the
   meantime, he says profits and the profit margin will be messy. The
   company is also facing at least seven lawsuits, the most recent filed
   by [18]a mother whose son was infected with norovirus in Boston. He’s
   still recovering. Chipotle says it doesn’t comment on pending legal
   actions, but in incidents such as these its aim is to make things right
   with customers.
   “That’s a kill step”

   Chipotle isn’t giving any estimates for 2016 at all, except to say that
   220 to 235 restaurant openings will proceed. When I ask Ells if they’ve
   considered scaling back, he says: “Not at all. It never entered our
   minds.”

   Chipotle was already experiencing slower growth in established stores.
   Comparable-store sales rose 16.8 percent in 2014; during the first nine
   months of 2015, that figure was 5.5 percent. Hartung says there have
   been surges and slowdowns before. “Nothing signaled to us that we were
   at a peak,” he says. “We were just taking a pause.” Yet it’s natural
   for a company that’s been around for two decades to shift to more
   modest growth.

   It’s worth noting that, contaminated food aside, Chipotle is on the
   right side of fresh food trends, while its more old-school rivals
   stumble. But the company’s pause could be extended. Mark Crumpacker,
   the chief creative and development officer, says [19]Chipotle has seen
   a drop-off among its least frequent customers and its most frequent.
   “That’s more worrying,” he says. Chipotle may have lost some customers
   altogether. “A small percentage may never come back, or it may take
   years.”

   Confidence has taken the company far. It may have gotten Chipotle into
   this mess; it may help get it out. Crumpacker says he has plans for
   advertising next year on radio, in print, online, and through direct
   mail. “It won’t be, ‘Come to the safest place to eat,’ ” he says.
   “Hopefully, it will be humorous to the extent that’s appropriate.” But
   he knows how great the challenge is. “There’s nothing worse from a
   trust perspective. This is not the kind of problem that you market your
   way out of.”

   —With Craig Giammona and Leslie Patton
   Editor: Nick Summers
   Producer: Laura Ratliff
   Food Styling: Brett Kurzweil

References

   1. http://www.bloomberg.com/company/?tophat=open
   2. https://bba.bloomberg.net/
   3. http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/request-demo/?utm_source=bbgmenu-demo&bbgsum=DG-WS-CORE-bbgmenu-demo
   4. http://bloomberg.com/
   5. http://bloomberg.com/
   6. http://www.bloomberg.com/businessweek
   7. https://subscribe.businessweek.com/servlet/OrdersGateway?cds_mag_code=BWK&cds_page_id=190089
   8. http://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2015-chipotle-oral-history/
   9. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-11-20/chipotle-e-coli-outbreak-probe-expands-to-california-new-york
  10. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-04/chipotle-says-more-cases-may-be-reported-in-e-coli-outbreak
  11. http://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2015-chipotle-oral-history/
  12. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/b/e409c9f4-d07e-48e1-bc56-f8648d4f102b
  13. http://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2015-12-08/chipotle-e-coli-outbreak-is-a-major-pr-problem
  14. http://www.bloombergview.com/quicktake/food-safety
  15. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-08/chipotle-s-greatest-strength-is-now-its-greatest-weakness-too
  16. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-02/chipotle-sets-stricter-supply-standards-amid-e-coli-outbreak
  17. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-11-03/chipotle-hires-food-safety-consultants-to-cope-with-health-scare
  18. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-09/chipotle-will-keep-boston-location-closed-while-it-tests-workers
  19. http://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2015-12-08/chipotle-e-coli-outbreak-is-a-major-pr-problem
